---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: false
---

**Last updated**
June 30th, 2023

# Privacy Policy for Game Knight
## Introduction
Andres Boedo ("we", "us", "our") operates the Game Knight application ("the App"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our App and the choices you have associated with that data.

## Information Collection and Use
We do not collect any personal data from you when you use our App. No data is stored, tracked, or shared with third parties. All data generated by the App is stored locally on your device using iCloud Key-Value storage. We do not have access to this data.

## Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us. However, remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we use iCloud Key-Value storage to protect your data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy
Our App does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children"). As such, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: andresboedo@gmail.com
